today we are going to prepare this
valuable vegetable as we inform ourselves
previously in a very
fun that the guys are going to
love honestly if we're going to do
a milanesa of zucchini we
generally the Milanese
we make it fried is not true at home if
we take him fry and fill with more
Fat of things that are not going to help us
in our health then today I have
brought in this way because to the
guys love Milanese is not
true if you ask your daughters
also love yes of course but
let's see how we are left with the
zucchini
It's very good, I recommend that you
do not even imagine that it's a
vegetable is delicious I think cantito
you can not imagine and how
always with very little fat we're going
to perform this time look for the
elaboration of this good Milanese here
We have our star ingredient not
what is the zucchini if we are going to cut it
in little sticks
we are going to cut it because we are going to divide it
in three parts the zucchini is very
versatile in the preparation we can
prepare from a zucchini soup
generally here we get them in a
very big super giant presentation
then those then serve us to make
a cream of his chemistry is very similar
delicious yes or no, well, we are going to
doing in this way is a way that
the kids learn to eat because in
true they usually see a vegetable
new and do not even want to try it is not
but this way they're going
to test if for this we have as
all the Milanese we do not true
let's have bread crumbs beaten egg
yes and a flour that in this case the
we have brought corn yes then always
that we use a carbohydrate
let's try that carbohydrate that is not
an empty carbohydrate does not have its
vitamins and that's what I have
used instead of common flour as a
cornmeal
and then let's catch good
first we are going to pepper them
we put a little salt so that
they are so bland, it's not true
to put salt and pepper if we're going to
salpimentar well and after that we are going to
proceed to make our rich Milanese
look and we take a stick we passed
for cornmeal
and now you'll see in the breadcrumbs
it's not true we have here a
little friend of bread to this little friend of bread
we are also going to enrich him, I think
that this is the most good way to
implement foods generally
the guys do not like look at this
little bread crumbs us we will
to put this is the sprouted wheat if you
let's put a little bit of aroma with
that oregano cumin what we like for
seasoning a rich meat is not true
we are going to put these magazines that is the
sesame seeds are already toasted
enrich our Milanese is not true
we will put more nutrients look
that's what I think is the tip of all
for our kids to learn to
eat if we are very creative you
let's put salt yes and we're also going
to put a little parmesan cheese
It will give us a very rich taste
this is this mixture we can
do it to do even the
Milanese with animal protein
you really can not imagine the
taste and how rich is this other and
all the nutrients you have see that
We are not only using the
empty carbohydrate is not true that
it would be the crumb of bread already now yes already
ready our ingredients we are going to
do the following we put for the flour
we put for the egg and for our bread
which is the same and we put in a
insert to bake while
we prepare this we already have
our nito already preheated yes and the
let's go through the flour
the little egg is like any Milanese not
it is true that we do it but in this
we are going to do it with silvera
Maurizio to come and help us for the
another will put the Caribbean
a little patience but look is not
they will regret it is very rich and
the guys just look at them they say wow
what is that
Mauricio good for you to go there for the
for the cornmeal mouth help me to
do
Look, it 's super simple, super easy, and
we are ready mix
Let's see what we are going to do to Mauricio
so that if he keeps doing while
while he is and he continues to give us the
there in the little egg and then in the
grated bread that we have enriched with
many more ingredients is not true anymore
then we already have are not armed
Milanesas, we are going to bake them
ready and whore is good more or less the
fingers but hey worth I believe in
when we have to taste it, look
not only with we bake them at 180 degrees
only for 10 minutes do not delay
more if it's just to make them brown
look at the time we put them in the oven
we varnish them with a little
of olive oil or oil that
we have at home it is not true that
master varnish is only for you to give
the little color of how it was fried
it's not true that's it's only
look, we made a milanesa
enriched we have made a Milanese very
delicious
zero fat or is not fried look like this
As I tell you, it is my suggestion
do it like this the chicken do or the fish
do they were not going to have very good
results and we will not charge you
fat is not true that it is that now in
a row we show look here is a
very good way to help our
children to incorporate therefore this vegetable
which is very kind and very beneficial
to bid was the final result
leave I do not know if the phone number like
always the address because I know there are
many people look here sung to
be with you and visit visit here
we have those milanesas already
made and how you can see them
look very appetizing if you always
we accompany of course a rich
salad and how I see that here she is
set the whole Christmas atmosphere
well my salad did not have to be less
do not talk to a Christmas live
and here we have brought for people who from
soon they are on diet and one actually
you can not consume carbohydrates here
are these zucchinis the same
zucchinis only enrich a
shortly before
of olive oil oil in a
pan will heat up we put a agito
a few pieces of chili and sauté
three minutes and the inti is ready
look at us this way, if we are
on a diet then we can also
consume it is very delicious and you
I recommend that they do